01. Write a program to print the area of a rectangle by creating a class named 'Area' having two methods. 
First method named as 'setDim' takes length and breadth of rectangle as parameters and the second 
method named as 'getArea' returns the area of the rectangle. Length and breadth of rectangle are entered through keyboard.


02.Create a class named 'Student' with String variable 'name' and integer variable 'roll_no'. 
Assign the value of roll_no as '2' and that of name as "John" by creating an object of the class Student.

03.Assign and print the roll number, phone number and address of two students 
having names "Sam" and "John" respectively by creating two objects of class 'Student'.

04.Write a program to print the area and perimeter of a triangle having sides of 3, 4 and 5 
units by creating a class named 'Triangle' without any parameter in its constructor.

05. Write a program to print the area and perimeter of a triangle having sides of 3, 4 and 5 units 
by creating a class named 'Triangle' with constructor having the three sides as its parameters.

6.Write a program to print the area of two rectangles having sides (4,5) and (5,8) respectively by 
creating a class named 'Rectangle' with a method named 'Area' which returns the area and length and breadth passed as parameters to its constructor.

7.Write a program to print the area of a rectangle by creating a class named 'Area' taking the 
values of its length and breadth as parameters of its constructor and having a method named 
'returnArea' which returns the area of the rectangle. Length and breadth of rectangle are entered through keyboard.

8.Print the average of three numbers entered by user by creating a class named 'Average'
 having a method to calculate and print the average.

10. Write a Java program to create a class called "Book" with attributes for title, author, and ISBN, 
and methods to add and remove books from a collection.

11. Write a Java program to create a class called "Employee" with a name, job title, and salary attributes, and
 methods to calculate and update salary.  

12. Write a Java program to create a class called "ACCESS_BANK" with a collection of accounts and methods to 
add and remove accounts, and to deposit and withdraw money. Also define a class called "Account" to maintain 
account details of a particular customer.
